Add docs for hostOSConfig (#5297)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/reference/clusterspec/optional/hostOSConfig.md

Additionally, settings under `bottlerocketConfiguration` are only supported for `osFamily: bottlerocket`
{{% /alert %}}

The following cluster spec shows an example of how to configure host OS settings:
```yaml
apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1
kind: VSphereMachineConfig        # Replace "VSphereMachineConfig" with "TinkerbellMachineConfig" for Tinkerbell clusters
metadata:
  name: machine-config
spec:
  ...
  hostOSConfiguration:
    ntpConfiguration:
      servers:
        - time-a.ntp.local
        - time-b.ntp.local
    bottlerocketConfiguration:
      kubernetes:
        allowedUnsafeSysctls:
          - "net.core.somaxconn"
          - "net.ipv4.ip_local_port_range"
        clusterDNSIPs:
          - 10.96.0.10
        maxPods: 100
```

## Host OS Configuration Spec Details
### `hostOSConfiguration`
Top level object used for host OS configurations.

  * #### `ntpConfiguration`
    Key used for configuring NTP servers on your EKS Anywhere cluster nodes.

    * ##### `servers`
      Servers is a list of NTP servers that should be configured on EKS Anywhere cluster nodes.

<br>

  * #### `bottlerocketConfiguration`

>     Key used for configuring Bottlerocket specific settings on EKS Anywhere cluster nodes. These settings are _only valid_ for Bottlerocket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Key used for configuring Bottlerocket-specific settings on EKS Anywhere cluster nodes. These settings are _only valid_ for Bottlerocket.
```

    * ##### `kubernetes`
      Key used for configuring Bottlerocket Kubernetes settings.

      * ##### `allowedUnsafeSysctls`
        List of unsafe sysctls that should be enabled on the node.

      * ##### `clusterDNSIPs`

>         List of IPs of DNS service/s running in the kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        List of IPs of DNS services running in the kubernetes cluster.
```
If you meant "DNS service or services" I think the right way to write it would be "service(s)".
